docs(protocol): improve terminology in documentation (#18603)
taikoxyz/taiko-mono: packages/protocol/docs/eip1559_on_l2.md

## Adjust the slope

> To adjust the slope of the curve to satisfy $R == basefee(2T)/basefee(T)$, we simply need to choose $M$ and $b_0$. $b_0$ is simply to decide -- if we believe the cost of a L2 transaction is $1/n$ of the same L1 transaction, we simply use the current L1 base fee divided by $n$. Then we can simply tune $M$ to make sure $R == basefee(2T)/basefee(T)$ holds. This is very simple manually a try-and-adjust approach as shown in `Lib1559Math.t.sol`. The TaikoL1 contract will check if $R == basefee(2T)/basefee(T)$ holds but will not calculate $M$ for us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust the slope of the curve to satisfy $R == basefee(2T)/basefee(T)$, we simply need to choose $M$ and $b_0$. $b_0$ is simply to decide -- if we believe the cost of a L2 transaction is $1/n$ of the same L1 transaction, we simply use the current L1 base fee divided by $n$. Then we can simply tune $M$ to make sure $R == basefee(2T)/basefee(T)$ holds. This can be done manually using a try-and-adjust approach as shown in `Lib1559Math.t.sol`. The TaikoL1 contract will check if $R == basefee(2T)/basefee(T)$ holds but will not calculate $M$ for us.
```
